Remove RegistrationProfile class and handle migration (#24215)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_development/topics/auth-spi.adoc

                context.getEvent().detail(Details.EMAIL, profile.getAttributes().getFirstValue(UserModel.EMAIL));
            }

            if (pve.hasError(Messages.EMAIL_EXISTS)) {
                context.error(Errors.EMAIL_IN_USE);
            } else if (pve.hasError(Messages.USERNAME_EXISTS)) {
                context.error(Errors.USERNAME_IN_USE);
            } else {
                context.error(Errors.INVALID_REGISTRATION);
            }

            context.validationError(formData, errors);
            return;
        }
        context.success();
    }
----

As you can see, this validate() method of user profile processing makes sure that the email and all other attributes are filled in the form.
It delegates to User Profile SPI, which makes sure that email is in the right format and does all other validations.
If any of these validations fail, an error message is queued up for rendering. It would contain the message for every field where the validation failed.

NOTE: As you can see, the user profile makes sure that registration form contains all the needed user profile fields. User profile also makes sure that correct validations

> are used, attributes are correctly grouped on the page, there is correct type used for each field (like user needs to choose from predefined values), fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are used, attributes are correctly grouped on the page.  There is a correct type used for each field (such as if a user needs to choose from predefined values), fields
```

> are "conditionally" rendered just for some scopes (Progressive profiling) and others. So usually you won't need to implement new `FormAction` or registration fields, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are "conditionally" rendered just for some scopes (Progressive profiling) and others. So usually you will not need to implement new `FormAction` or registration fields, but
```

> you can just properly configure user-profile to reflect this. For more details, see link:{adminguide_link}#user-profile[User Profile documentation] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can just properly configure user-profile to reflect this. For more details, see link:{adminguide_link}#user-profile[User Profile documentation].
```

> In general, new FormAction might be useful for instance if you want to add new credentials to the registration form (like ReCaptcha support as mentioned here) rather than new user profile fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, new FormAction might be useful for instance if you want to add new credentials to the registration form (such as ReCaptcha support as mentioned here) rather than new user profile fields.
```
